MOTTO:
We go by the norms of supporting a classroom and eventually building a future by tying up with corporates.

ABOUT US:
Webname empowers government school teachers across the state to request much needed materials and experiences for their school students .Right now there are thousands of classroom requests that you can help bring to life with a gift of any amount or needed facilities.Reaching out to the needs of these government aided schools is our target.This serves as a donation platform that allows to support the cause through corporate tie-ups with these schools.Instead of raising funds for ourselves this forum enables to donate funds and facilities to the schools directly so they exactly know where their money went.

WHAT IS CSR?
The corporate social responsibility often abbreviated as CSR ,is a initiative to assess and take responsibility for the company's effects on social wellbeing and thereby effecting positive changes.

WHAT MADE US THINK?
Many students in government schools are dropping out of schools before their upper primary level of education since they couldn't enjoy certain facilities and benefits provided in private schools which would efficiently facilitate them in their education.Students are deprived of notebooks,smart classes,proper benches,tables,blackboards,washrooms,etc.
Supporting schools with their basic educational materials is our cause.There is pressing need to help these students to continue their education.There is also a need for these students to stay up-to-date with current affairs.

TRANSPARENCY AND EFFICIENCY:
We know that you care about how effectively your donation is being used.Thats why we show you how every dollar was spent, how grateful the students and teachers are!

What do we do?
We provide the corporates with a donation platform where they can choose what do they choose to contribute for those kids. They can sponsor the materials or money as per their wish and it directly reaches the concerned schools through the representatives.
What more can enhance the quality of education of the students of government schools?

IMPACT:
Yet to be witnessed.
